==== PROVISIONAL GRADE FOR THIS ASSESSMENT: A+ ====

Feedback on your report:
------------------------
CHECK: word count excluding graphs and tables is 2489.
CHECK: there are 2 pages of graphs and tables.
CHECK: does report contain statement of group member contributions? Yes.
Your graphs and / or tables are very clear - good.
Some of your axis labels could be improved. The faceted plot is nice - you could also have plotted the three facets on one plot, so that comparing the slopes is easier.
You give a thorough summary of the context for the problem.
It's good that you consulted some external sources to learn more about the background.
You make reference to the problem context throughout - good.
Nice, thorough exploratory analysis which focuses on relevant features.
Some of the details of PCA that you used are not clear. Also, you need to take into account that PCs need to be well correlated with the response.
Your modelling is done thoroughly and shows good awareness.
Your modelling is informed well by your understanding of the problem
You use diagnostics well to inform your modelling
You consider a variety of criteria to help you choose a model: this is good.
You don't discuss the coding of factor levels in your modelling.
You could have investigated residuals in a bit more detail, for example plotting residuals against covariates, to guide model improvement. Also, since your response is adjusted by population size, you could also have adjusted your covariates.
Your report is clear and well-structured.
Your exploratory analysis and modelling are linked well.
Your conclusions are clear and are well supported by your analysis, with appropriate caveats.
In your conclusions, it would be helpful to say something about the predictive power of the model.
You could have linked your conclusions back to other studies of Covid-19.


Feedback on your script:
------------------------
CHECK: can the script be source()d without an error? Yes.
CHECK: does script produce and save all graphs in report? Yes.
CHECK: does script produce the predictions that were submitted? Yes.
Your code is well commented with clear explanations of what you're doing.
You used cat() to insert labels into your output for readability: this is good. Unfortunately, you forgot to use print() to ensure that the output itself appears when the script is source()d! When I run your code therefore, I just get a bunch of labels with no output ...
Your code reads the data and handles missing values correctly - good.
Your code shows an excellent command of R - well done
You make good use of programming structures.
The code could be a bit more efficient by, e.g., using update() to move between models. Otherwise very nice.


Feedback on your predictions:
-----------------------------
CHECK: is the prediction file named correctly? Yes.
CHECK: are the predictions in the correct format? Yes.
Your prediction score was 3500.61 .
This score places you at position 11 in the class for prediction performance.
The root mean squared error of your predictions was 4.4071 .
